High.
So just really quick short video about underscores and numeric literals which is again 3.6 forward.
So make sure you're running that and all it is is that you can now separate digits in any numerical
literal using underscores.
So for example if you write 10 million you would write ten and then three zeros and three more zeros.
OK that's 10 million.
Not easy to read right.
You'd have to stop counting the zeros.
Instead you can just do this much nicer.
It's still 10 million.
But now we've separated the thousands.
And so it's much quicker to read the number.
And of course this works for the other numeric types as well.
Let's say that you have a hex number.
OK so we start hex numbers with zero x and then you can separate them maybe.
So.
And you still get the same hex number.
Acts as a success.
It's still the same thing.
And of course it doesn't really matter where you separate things if you want to do those one two three
four five six.
You're free to do so.
I wouldn't do that.
OK.
Or 1 0 0 0 dot.
Let's say five four three two one right.
You want to do that.
You're perfectly free to do that as well.
Would make much sense but you can.
So the point is you can just put in your underscores wherever you want.
Now you can prefix them.
You can't say you know ten thousand for example.
OK.
That's not going to work.
And you can also use it in postfix.
So you can't do that either.
You also can't use double underscores.
That's not going to work either.
So there's some rules with this.
The other thing too that's interesting is that the string formatting actually supports the underscore
as well.
And what it will do is that for things like integers it will use every thousand.
And if it's things like for example hexadecimal it's going to separate in two words so in two basically
four at a time.
So let's see what I mean by this.
Let's go ahead and do some string formatting.
So I'm going to just say code this way format.
And let's say ten thousand.
Now I don't have to specify the underscore here.
As you can see it formatted it if I add a few more zeros I don't know how many I have but you can see
that was 100 million.
So it just formats it by you know in thousands if on the other hand we copy paste we use let's say a
number let's say that we want to format in hexadecimal.
So I do the underscore and the X to indicate that I want underscores and then in Hex then I can take
this number over here.
OK is just go ahead and copy that in here.
And we see that we get that back.
So if I had a longer number you know you'd see that it's broken out into you know words essentially.
And also it works in string conversions.
If I let's say want to convert
this number which is base 16 to an integer you'll see that I get that number back.
So it also supports the underscores in the string literals that we can pass to the function and it works
with our binary as well.
So if you want to do this you could say let's say we got a binary number 1 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4.
This is now base 2.
We see we get 256.
All right.
So pretty cool.
Thanks for watching.